Welcome to Learn with AI in
Tominets.
Quick concept, Simple Metafers and Zero Jargon
Overloop.
AI Machine Learning Deep
Learning.
People use these three
interchangeably.
What's the
difference?
Picture three Russian nesting balls that we
have played with while we were
young.
The biggest doll is the artificial
intelligence.
Any system that mimics smart
behavior.
Just bots, recommendation engine, chat bots, all
AI.
Inside that sets machine
learning.
AI that learns from the data instead
of hard coded
rules.
Spotify learning your taste of music, that
is
ML.
Inside ML sets the smallest doll, deep
learning.
ML using neural network with many
layers.
Chat GPT, image generator, voice recognition, that
is deep
learning.
So every deep learning system is machine
Every ML system is AI, but not
all AI uses ML and not all
ML is deep
learning.
Three terms, one nested
family.
Remember, AI is the big
umbrella.
Machine learning learns from the
data.
Deep learning uses layer neural
networks.
All of them are nested, but not
interchangeable.
That's your concept for the
day.
Follow for the next one, learn AI
in two
minutes.